[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[woman] Excuse me, ma'am?
Oh, no, that must be a mistake.
Yes. I checked to see
that it's already shipped.
Yes.
It should arrive sometime
on the morning of the ninth.
CHOI JIN-PYO
-[woman] Correct. Yes, I did.
-[groans]
[woman] Okay. Have a wonderful day.
[man] Hello. This is Raon.
[groans]
[man] Yes, ma'am.
Yes, the item you returned
was confirmed to be a defective product.
Yes.
CHOI JIN-HO: I REWROTE MY COVER LETTER
LIKE YOU TOLD ME TO!
-…Or you'd return it for a full refund?
-That was speedy.
[man] Okay. I'll do that. Thank you.
ATTACHED FILE: COVER LETTER.DOC
DOWNLOADING
[chimes]
DOCUMENT CREATED WITH APPLICATION
PROGRAHM NOT RELATED TO MACROSOFT OFFICE
ALLOW CONTENT
What?
[exhales]
[line ringing]
[Jin-ho] Hey, bro. What's up?
The cover letter you sent won't open.
Send the file again.
I'll take a look when I get home.
[Jin-ho] What do you mean?
I haven't sent you my cover letter.
You haven't?
[suspenseful music playing]
Uh…
[mutters]
I'll see you tomorrow.
[squeals]
Mr. Choi!
[heavy breathing]
Huh?
Huh…
Jin-pyo.
-What…
-Jin-pyo?
-Huh?
-What happened?
Sir, I…
[whines]
I think it was…
It was what?
Spear Phishing.
CASE 15
SAYING AND DOING THINGS NOT ASKED
[somber music playing]
[Young-woo] I don't think that we…
that you and I should be together anymore.
What happened? Why tell me this right now?
I'm very sorry.
[sighs]
You have to be strong-minded, okay?
Oh, I am strong-minded.
I've got this, Mom. Don't worry.
Attorney Jung!
[Atty. Jung] Huh?
Attorney Woo?
What brings you here?
The subway brought me here, actually.
No. I… I mean…
What are you doing at the hospital
instead of at work?
Ah. I'm here because I wanted
to see you, Attorney Jung.
Because if something goes wrong
with the surgery, and you die,
I won't be able to see you again.
What did you say?
Mo… Mom. Mom. Mom.
Attorney Woo didn't mean it in a bad way.
Say hi. This is my mother.
Oh, hello. My name is Woo Young-woo.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Mom, Mom, Mom, I told you.
Korea's the best in the world
in treating stomach cancer.
With surgery,
the survival rate is over 70 percent.
Don't worry about this.
Um, that's because the number includes
cases of early detected stomach cancer.
With stage three stomach cancer
like you have,
the five-year rate
is only 30 to 40 percent--
Hey, uh… Should we go in?
Yeah. Yeah, we should.
Myeong-seok. Do well, okay?
-[Atty. Jung's mom] I'll be here.
-I'll be right back. Right back.
Please! Make sure you come back alive!
Attorney Woo.
Be quiet.
Oh, please!
Attorney Jung, please come back alive!
-Please be quiet, Attorney.
-[Atty. Jung's mom] Keep fighting.
Oh.
[somber music playing]
Namu Gwanseeumbosal.
[phone buzzing]
Attorney Woo.
Attorney Woo, where are you?
Come to the conference room.
We have a meeting in five
with our newest clients.
I'm not in the building right now.
Why not? You better hurry over here.
Oh, mm.
It's a bit awkward
to say this about myself,
but some people are just born
to do certain jobs, right?
Hanbada has an excellent roster
of top attorneys.
But for these corporate cases,
especially in tech, I…
[knocking on door]
There's another attorney on the case.
She must be here.
You can come in.
As I was saying…
Come in already.
Why are you just standing there?
[Atty. Jang] Our clients are here.
Oh.
The shock of moving
into one space from another
feels too overwhelming for me.
If I count to three and take a deep breath
before going inside,
it helps with the abrupt shock of it all.
Wow.
That happens to me sometimes too.
It's uncomfortable when the space I'm in
abruptly changes.
[Chan-hong]
She's really brave about it, though.
I don't want other people
to think I'm weird,
so, sometimes I pretend that
I'm not uncomfortable even when I am.
Hey, Chan-hong, do you really think
this is the time and place for this, huh?
Is this a joke to you?
Nothing has changed
since we were in school.
I'm always the person
who takes things seriously.
You two went to university together?
No, I, uh, I didn't go to university.
We were high school classmates.
I graduated from Hana University.
Hana, really?
-Incredible.
-Mm?
We're alumni.
[laughs]
I graduated in 2005 from Hana.
Ah, class of '97.
And I am class of '13 myself.
A class of '13? Oh, God.
You're a youngster, aren't you?
Uh, youngster?
[laughs]
Uh, when I was in school,
Mr. Bae came one day
as a special lecturer,
and it was very inspiring.
I thought, "My goodness. I can't believe
an alumnus created the online mall
-the whole country uses."
-Oh, God, no, no.
-[laughing]
-It's really amazing.
[Young-woo] Hmm…
Not the whole country.
The most recent survey of Raon users
came to 40,954,173,
but the population of South Korea
is 51,628,117.
What's the difference?
It still means
more than 80 percent uses Raon.
It really is astonishing.
Astonishing?
[scoffs]
We're about to be ruined.
Shall we get back to business?
-Ah.
-Yes.
You were telling us
the employee in charge of Raon's database
received an email from the hacker?
The hacker managed to break
into the inbox of the employee
who was in charge of the DB
and was aware of everything
he and his younger brother discussed.
[Chan-hong] He even sent an email
using the younger brother's exact style.
If the attachment
the malware was planted inside of
had been in .exe or in installation file,
our DB employee
would have suspected something.
But since it was a .doc file,
he didn't suspect anything.
I didn't know that malware
could be spread through a Word file.
Yes, it's possible.
And since it was malware
that had been made
to attack a specific target,
it got through
our virus-prevention software.
Was the hacker apprehended?
They weren't.
Although the police think
it was done by North Korea's
General Bureau of Reconnaissance,
but we're not sure yet.
North Korea's General Bureau?
Let me pull this up.
Here. Take a look at the email. Now…
notice anything odd?
Hmm…
-[Young-woo] "Prograhm"?
-[Chan-hong] Yes.
Apparently, North Koreans
spell the word "program" as "prograhm."
This probably isn't the only reason
they think North Korea is behind this,
but they're investigating.
If North Korea really is responsible,
they're going to be difficult to catch
since there are politics involved, likely.
Well, the real problem
is the Communications Commission.
They fined us for the 300-billion-dollar
penalty surcharge.
[In-cheol]
And that's really why we came to you.
If you think about it,
we're also victims of the cyberattack.
Fining us 300 billion dollars just because
we couldn't protect some personal data?
How is that not too much?
When the hacker broke
into our employee's computer,
the DB server connection terminal
was open in the screen,
and it was still logged in at the time.
So, from the hacker's perspective,
he didn't have to go through the trouble
of hacking the manager's ID and password
in order to connect to the server.
And this is what
the KCC's main issue is with us.
That we didn't pre-set the idle timeout
on our servers adequately.
By "idle timeout," you mean
"limiting the maximum connection time,"
is that what you're saying?
Yes.
After a certain time limit,
it blocks the server connection
automatically.
It makes sure the computer isn't logged in
longer than necessary.
And Raon's DB server
didn't have this setting implemented?
No. No.
That wasn't set up yet.
I have to wonder.
If the KCC accidentally put
a few extra zeros on that amount.
-Huh?
-What?
A few years back, Aha.com
had a personal data breach as well.
And can you guess how much
Aha had to pay for their data breach?
No, how much?
Two million records were said
to have been leaked.
And they paid 70 million won.
What?
Yeah. The hack on JP Communication was,
I believe the largest one of them all.
Almost ten million records.
But their penalty surcharge
was a mere 100 million.
Why would they ask us
to pay such a high fine then?
Was our data breach the biggest?
[Chan-hong] Well, the personal records
of more than 40 million people
were leaked.
Forty million people, and that comes to…
Uh, 80 percent of all Korean citizens,
just about?
I mean,
it's not like 40 million citizens
lost any actual money, though.
Wasn't it just some personal data?
When Korean citizens make accounts online,
aren't most of them aware
of the inherent risk?
That their information could get out?
Well, then, why are they
being like this to us?
I mean, is it possible that they made
a genuine error and added too many zeros?
Well, no. Probably not literally.
Uh…
Listen. My connections at the KCC
may get us some answers.
[Atty. Jang] I'll reach out to them.
I'll try to figure out why the KCC
put forth such harsh fines
and get a clear picture
of what they're thinking.
That being said,
no corporation has ever lost a trial
against the KCC so far.
The KCC is a government organization,
so they can't afford expensive lawyers,
which is why corporations
who use major firms always win.
It'll be the same this time too.
You can be assured.
Alumni.
-[Atty. Jang laughs]
-Mm? Oh, right.
-[laughing continues]
-[In-cheol] Yeah.
[clears throat]
What? I can't sit by you?
Well, I mean, there are plenty
of other seats available.
Okay.
Hey, wait. Just take a seat.
It's not like we haven't eaten
together before.
I can't keep up with you.
So many contradictions.
[sighs]
Oh, I forgot.
[Su-yeon] He and Young-woo broke up.
I didn't realize Jun-ho
would be eating by himself, you know.
We should go join him at his table, right?
That won't be necessary.
Jun-ho. Are you eating by yourself?
Is it all right if I sit down?
Uh, okay.
-[woman 1] Jun-ho, did you…
-Look at that.
Hanbada's own Mr. Popularity.
He sure is.
Who were you worried about again?
[chuckles]
[woman 2] That color looks so good on you.
[women giggling]
[woman 1] Maybe we can get some coffee.
[somber music playing]
A MERE 100 MILLION WON PENALTY SURCHARGE
FOR 7 BILLION PERSONAL DATA LEAKS
[knocking on door]
Come in.
God, I knew that I'd find you in here.
Why aren't you coming downstairs?
All cooped up in your office.
Oh. I have work to do.
That's even more of a reason
to take a break for lunch then.
What's going on?
You should be eating lunch
and drinking coffee with everyone else.
The weather is so nice today.
So, what happened with you and Jun-ho?
What do you mean?
I heard that you broke up with him, right?
Why did you?
Hmm…
Did you even give Jun-ho an explanation?
Mm?
[groans]
Come on, Young-woo.
That is just so rude.
You dropped a huge bomb on him
and you haven't explained the reason?
[sighs]
I don't believe it's appropriate
to discuss personal matters
during work hours.
It's lunchtime right now.
Shouldn't we talk about whales?
Lunchtime is usually when I talk about
-whales and dolphins--
-No, let's not.
Answer my question, please.
Um, Young-woo?
[dings]
Lunchtime is officially over.
It's work time again.
Now we can't talk about personal matters.
Hey! Young-woo!
-Don't run away!
-[door opens, closes]
Hey…
[Atty. Jang] Come in.
What brings you here?
Oh.
[Young-woo] Mm?
Attorney Jang?
It wasn't a mistake that
the Communications Commission
charged Raon
with a penalty of 300 billion.
What's that?
The Korea Communications Commission
didn't just add a few zeros to the fine.
[laughs]
-Hmm…
-Then what is it?
Did you find something out about
why the penalty was imposed like that?
A MERE 100 MILLION WON PENALTY SURCHARGE
FOR 7 BILLION PERSONAL DATA LEAKS
"Although seven billion
personal data records
have been leaked over the past decade,
only light punishment has been imposed."
An increase in punishment, for example,
expanding punitive damages is recommended.
There are quite a few similar articles.
Public opinion on personal data leakage
seems to be moving toward
the strengthening of punishments
for major companies.
So what?
The KCC read a couple newspaper articles
and increased the penalty surcharge
from 100 million to 300 billion won
just like that?
The Information and Communications Act
is often updated.
At the time they were fining companies
with penalty surcharges
in hundreds of millions of won
on Aha.com, and JP Communications,
the maximum penalty was 100 million won.
However, under the modified law,
a penalty surcharge
of up to three percent of sales
related to the violation can be imposed.
That is why it became possible
to fine 300 billion won.
[sighs]
She's so damn arrogant, isn't she?
What? I missed what you said.
Attorney Woo, you haven't worked
with me before, right?
Right.
From this point on,
there's one rule for you to follow.
Don't speak until spoken to,
only do as I say.
Do you understand me?
Wouldn't that be two?
What?
"Don't speak until spoken to," one,
"do as I say," that's another one.
Two in total.
Whether it's one or two,
do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
Absolutely ridiculous.
I brought along some extra side dishes…
[chuckles]
…for your mother, Attorney Jung.
Although I'm Hairy who runs the pub,
so, like, most of the food I serve,
it's better with drinks.
She can enjoy the food with a drink.
It's hard to look after somebody
while sober.
She quit drinking.
-Ah.
-Mm.
Thank you so much for taking care
of my mom, though. I appreciate it.
No need to thank me.
I'm just glad your surgery went well.
Well, I'll put the food
in the refrigerator.
[sighs]
Attorney Woo, why are you looking
so depressed?
Is something bothering you?
-There is something bothering me.
-What is it?
I'm unable to share the details
because of attorney-client privilege.
Well, then, just be vague about it
and skip the details.
[Young-woo] Hmm…
What do I do if the senior attorney
I'm on the case with
refuses to listen to what I say to him?
Who's the senior attorney
who's been assigned to the case?
Attorney Jang is the senior attorney.
[annoyed grunt]
Shi…
[sighs]
Okay, well, for your own well-being,
lowering yourself and not doing anything
to set him off could be a way…
Where are you going?
Oh, God.
Young-woo, get up.
He didn't mean that literally!
[groans, laughs]
But…
somebody like you
will never behave like that
because you didn't even understand
what I meant.
Then what am I to do?
[sighs]
Now, Attorney Woo,
you have colleagues.
Talk to them about it.
If you can't get through
to a senior attorney,
you can at least discuss it
with your peers.
Okay?
Okay.
"Spear phishing."
It is an aptly named cyberattack
that targets the weak spot
of a specific individual or organization.
The way it works is it attacks the servers
just like throwing a harpoon or a spear.
The attack on Raon's DB manager,
Mr. Choi Jin-pyo,
was a case of spear phishing.
The hacker used this spear phishing
to install a dangerous malware
onto Mr. Choi's computer
and then went ahead with an API attack.
In other words, the Advanced Persistent--
Plaintiff's counselor.
I appreciate the generous explanation,
however, the defendant, the plaintiff,
uh, or my colleagues
know what an API attack is,
so, may we move on?
Uh, an…
Advanced Persistent Threat
is familiar, too, Your Honor?
It means to attack the target
in a continuous, sophisticated manner.
That's right.
If this were a jury trial we were having,
you would have to explain the minutiae
and the details.
But presently, it's just us,
and most of the people in the audience
seem to be reporters.
So, perhaps you can get
into your argument.
Yes.
[quirky music playing]
[Atty. Jang] Hmm…
[clears throat]
Hmm…
[chuckles]
Just a moment.
Tablet.
I'm not a mind reader.
As such, to impose on Raon,
a company that is also the victim
of this privacy invasion,
the absurd surcharge of 300 billion won,
which could bankrupt the company
is both a deviation and an abuse
of the Korean Communications Commission's
discretionary power.
It's neither a deviation
nor an abuse power.
According to the Information
and Communications Network Act,
the defendant can legally impose
on the plaintiff
a penalty of as much as three percent
of the sum total sales
related to the violating party.
Last year, Raon's sales
were 30.3 trillion won.
Meaning the defendant could have imposed
a fee of 900 billion won,
but the defendant took into account
the circumstances of the plaintiff
and imposed a much more lenient penalty.
When Aha.com and JP Communication
leaked private data,
the defendant imposed
penalty surcharges of 70 million
and 100 million won, respectively.
So, to impose 300 billion
for the same offense
simply because the law have been revised?
To impose such a penalty
is entirely unreasonable.
Over 40 million users personal records
were leaked because of Raon's negligence.
They lost the private information
of the whole country.
[judge] Not the whole country.
Korea's population is 50 million people.
So, more accurately,
80 percent of the whole country.
[attorney] Uh, yes, Your Honor.
I stand corrected.
So, what would be a reasonable
penalty charge for leaking
80 percent
of the population's information?
-Uh…
-The data leaked from this incident
isn't just basic personal data.
Credit information and the sensitive
transactions of 40 million people
have been exposed.
[attorney]
But they're saying that the penalty,
which is only one percent of their sales,
is unfair?
It's exactly this attitude that shows
the low level of regard
that Raon has
for its users' personal information.
[tense music playing]
That is all.
What's important
in this situation is causality.
You do know there's a difference
between a fine and a penalty surcharge?
-No, I don't know about it.
-[Atty. Jang] Okay.
Not having set up the idle timeout
in the first place
will lead to an administrative fine.
That is only a 30 million won fine.
However, if not having
the idle timeout in place
is found to be the direct cause
of the personal data breach,
then it will result
in a penalty surcharge instead.
And the amount would thus be increased
to three percent of related sales.
Yes.
It's important to know…
whether or not the idle timeout
would've effectively prevented
the personal data breach
if it had previously been installed
on around servers.
[sighs]
Well, it's asking,
"If the front door had been locked,
could the robber have still been able
to steal from inside the house?"
So, it depends on hackers' abilities.
But we don't know about that.
They haven't been caught yet.
You're the expert here, right?
I'm just asking for your opinion.
This issue could potentially mean
the difference
between a light administrative fine,
and a 300 billion won penalty surcharge.
Hey, Jin-pyo.
There was a keylogger in the malware
you installed, right?
Huh?
Yes, there was.
A keylogger?
If a keylogger is put in,
the person is able to watch and see
what the target is typing.
[Chan-hong] If Jin-pyo uses a keyboard
to type in the ID and password
in order to connect to the server,
they can see that.
That would mean it would take a bit longer
to get the information.
So then,
even if the timeout setting was on,
it couldn't have prevented
the data breach.
Then there's no causality
between them, right?
Yes, that's right.
Hey.
I just got a phone call.
Our users are going to file
a class-action claim.
Another lawsuit?
They're claiming they're entitled
damages from the data breach.
And which law firm is representing them?
[sighs]
What firm has nothing better to do
than pursue this dead-end case?
-Who is it?
-We'll be up against…
Taesan Law Firm.
Taesan?
Apparently, they've been recruiting people
through a website.
[sighs]
I found the website you were referring to.
[Su-yeon] Wow, that was quick.
It hasn't even been up for a month
and a million people
have added their name.
[sighs]
It seems like they're claiming
100,000 won for each person.
Attorney Jang, what do we do?
The penalty surcharge
isn't important anymore.
If they already have a million people
in less than a month,
they'll have 40 million soon.
If this 40 million people turns 100,
that's four trillion won.
[In-cheol]
That… that would be the end of us.
[sighs]
Raon will go bankrupt.
Okay, listen to me.
This is a reason to be even calmer.
[sighs]
This is how personal data breach cases
always go.
There's not only the legal responsibility
to impose a fine or surcharge,
but also the judicial responsibility
through civil litigation.
Uh, so, now--
It's…
[pronounces correctly]
"litigation."
What?
It should be pronounced as litigation,
but you're saying "li-tuh-gation."
The pronunciation is quite similar to how
you pronounce it in British English.
With words like "butter,"
the double-t results in a pronunciation
that's more like a "d" sound,
but this "t" is more defined.
Excuse me, Attorney Woo.
Is that something
you should say to me right now?
Going on about p… p… pronunciation.
-Excuse me, Attorney Jang.
-Yes.
Could I have a quick word
-outside in the hall?
-Yes. Let's go.
[door opens]
-[Su-yeon sighs]
-[door closes]
I looked into it
and he's active
with the alumni association at Hana.
Wait, who is?
Our presiding judge.
Ah, yes, yes, yes. Hana, yeah? Yes, yes.
Could this be an advantage?
What?
It's common in the business industry
to buy each other meals.
I figured if the judicial world
is like that,
then maybe we can benefit,
even just a little.
Ah.
Yes, I guess so.
"Raon, who failed to protect the personal
information of 40 million users,
is fighting the penalty surcharge,
which equates to one percent
of their sales.
It's exactly this attitude that shows
the low level of regard
that Raon has
for its users' personal information."
[Seon-young] My God.
Do you know how many articles
like this are up right now?
It's as if we're setting our client
up for criticism.
Yes, I'm sorry.
It's even worse in the comments.
"They make billions every year
and they're whining
about paying this amount?"
"They leaked the personal data
of the entire country,
but somehow they're the victims?"
What argument did you choose that resulted
in such a terrible public opinion?
What used to be a penalty
that was under a hundred million won
suddenly became a 300 billion won
standard penalty.
So, we pointed out the KCC's deviation
and abuse of discretionary power
and brought up the issue of fairness.
We'll pursue another strategy.
And what might that be?
We've discussed claiming that
there is no direct causality
between the grounds for disposition
and the data breach.
You realized the counsel for the second
and more important round,
the class-action suit, is Taesan?
Yes, I'm aware.
We have to win this trial
in order to have an edge
going into the class-action lawsuit.
It's already bad enough to see Taesan
representing 40 million citizens.
Can you imagine if we lost?
Please, let's keep that
from becoming the reality, huh?
Yes, ma'am.
That won't happen.
I give you my word,
we will win this trial.
At any cost.
[sighs]
Tell me, what is so important
about the word "litigation," huh?
What does it matter?
[Young-woo] Huh?
Wow. Attorney Choi, that sounded perfecta.
Who cares about a slight mispronunciation?
Why would you nitpick something like that?
He's not Attorney Jung.
Things are different now.
Things are different?
They are. Of course, they are.
I mean, Attorney Jung is…
[hesitates]
…generous with you.
He ignores or accepts
any weird thing you mention.
"Do not speak until spoken to,
only do as I'll say."
Yes, that's exactly right.
-[phone buzzing]
-Now stick to that rule.
[buzzing continues]
ATTORNEY JANG SEUNG-JUN
Yes, Attorney Jang.
Yes, all right.
[Min-woo] Okay.
-Where are you going?
-What?
He asked to see me, you know.
He wanted to see only you?
-Yes.
-Why?
I don't know. I guess I'll find out.
[playful music playing]
Are you sure this will be enough?
Should've we gotten a room
or something, huh?
No. I think we should try it lightly.
Because, well,
some people are uncomfortable
with things of that matter.
Oh, okay.
Then,
should I not give this
to him today either?
[gasps]
Uh, wow.
[nervous chuckle]
Why don't we wait and see how things go?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[door closes]
What is the meaning behind this?
Your Honor, as I mentioned to you…
You said there's a Hana University alumnus
in trouble.
[judge] Didn't you tell me I'd be giving
some light legal advice?
What kind of person do you think I am,
that I would do something like this?
Sir. I'm…
I'm an alumnus who's in deep trouble.
Just five minutes of your time, please.
Can't you please just hear me out?
This is undeniably improper solicitation.
Just be grateful
I'm not taking issue with it,
and don't ever do this again.
Sir.
Your Honor, please.
[man] Your Honor!
Oh.
Your Honor!
Attorney Jang.
What am I supposed to do now?
What…
[In-cheol sobbing]
Plaintiff.
Do you have anything else to claim?
[tense music playing]
How about…
you take the floor, Attorney Choi?
Oh, okay.
We are aware the plaintiff
had his laptop open,
and the idle-timeout feature
which auto-shuts down the computer
was not turned on.
That violation is not severe.
It is a lapse and company protocol
which is subject to an administration fine
of 30 million won,
not a penalty surcharge of 300 billion.
This is because the idle timeout function
being activated
would not have had any impact
on the breach.
Hmm.
There's nothing causal between them?
No, Your Honor.
That is because embedded in the malware
that the hacker installed that night,
there was a keylogger present.
Thus, the hacker
would've been able to use the keylogger
to track everything
that was being typed on that keyboard.
Therefore, it would've been
just a matter of time
before the hacker discover the password
and broke in.
And so,
even if the plaintiff had set a limit
on the maximum connection time,
there was no way for them
to prevent that data from being breached.
Would the defendant
like to offer a response?
As to causality
between the connection timeout
and the breach of customer data,
the point's irrelevant.
Whether there's causality or not,
Raon is still subject
to the same penalty fee.
-What?
-How is it irrelevant?
Please explain this.
The day the hacker
broke into Raon's server
and leaked users' personal data
was January 19, 2022,
the same day the Communication Act
was partially revised.
Act on Promotion of Information
and Communications Network Utilization
and Information Protection.
Article 64-3, first paragraph, 6th item.
It read as such, prior to revision…
"In the event that protected measures
were not taken,
and therefore, the user's personal data
is lost, stolen, damaged, forged,
leaked, or altered."
[attorney] Yes, that's right.
And can you please also tell us
how it was revised?
"In the event that a user's personal data
is lost, stolen, damaged, forged,
leaked, or altered
without measures taken
to protect the data."
What difference does that make?
Doesn't it just come down
to the manner of phrasing?
Not really.
The difference is,
that prior to the revision,
the lost data, that if the failure to take
measures to protect personal data
is what caused the breach,
then a penalty surcharge would be imposed.
It was clearly defined that inaction
had to be the cause of the breach.
However, under the revised law,
if there has been a breach of data,
and it is found that protective measures
were not taken,
a penalty surcharge would be imposed.
Meaning, if the breach itself
and the lack of measures
are both acknowledged,
their causal relationship
becomes irrelevant.
[scoffs]
The court will also make sure
to be more careful in the interpretation
of the legal documents.
[In-cheol] Your Honor.
Millions of users a day have started
deleting their Raon accounts.
They said a website
preparing the class-action suit
is more than ten million participants.
We're losing users at the same time
the damages are increasing.
A penalty surcharge of 300 billion?
Is it that much of a crime that
we didn't set up the idle timeout?
Your Honor…
do we really have to pay
such a high price?
Uh, sir, you need to calm down.
No company has done more
to keep its users satisfied than Raon.
How can we stop a hacker
who is determined to break in?
To place the blame solely on Raon
for leaking the personal data
of the entire country…
it's just not fair.
It's not…
It's just not fair!
Don't blame us!
In-cheol.
[gasps]
-[Chan-hong] Oh, my God.
-[gasps]
What's he doing?
What did you swallow?
Spit it out, you idiot!
Hey. Hey, In-cheol.
What have you done? In-cheol.
[grunting]
-[whimpering]
-[all gasp]
[Chan-hong] In-cheol!
Help!
In-cheol.
In-cheol!
Help! Help, please!
Come on, do something. Hurry!
[Chan-hong] In-cheol.
Hey, spit it out!
Hey, help us. Someone, help us!
[Atty. Jang] Call an ambulance!
[Chan-hong] Hey, In-cheol!
-[Min-woo] Is he okay?
-[Chan-hong] We need help!
-Hey, please help! Please!
-[whimpering]
[Chan-hong] In-cheol. Hey, In-cheol.
In-cheol! Hey, In-cheol
[heavy breathing]
[Young-woo gasps]
[whimpering]
[doctor] We've done everything we can
for the time being.
We'll continue to keep him
under close observation.
Okay. Can I stay here for a little while?
His… his parents haven't got here yet.
[Chan-hong] And I can't just leave him
all alone like this.
Just so you know, the other nurses and I
will be here with him.
Visiting hours aren't over yet,
so of course, you can stay.
[sighs]
How is Mr. Bae In-cheol doing?
Thank you for coming.
From what I understand,
you are his attorneys?
We administered an antidote
and he's stable.
But he did consume
an alarming amount of cyanide, though.
So, for now, we have to keep him
under our observation.
I can give you further details
once his family gets here.
Thank you.
Jun-ho, you mentioned
reporters are outside, right?
Yes.
Then you should probably go now
and pull the car around front,
so we can jump right in
and bypass the reporters.
Sure, no problem.
And we should go as well.
Okay.
Are all those reporters out there
waiting for us?
Well, I imagine they're waiting
for an update
on how the CEO of Raon is doing.
What do we do in this sort of situation?
What do you mean "do"?
Keep quiet and don't speak to anybody.
Now…
let's move.
Huh? Okay.
[Min-woo clears throat]
[reporter 1] Someone's coming!
[reporter 2] Excuse me, excuse me!
-[reporter 3] Over here! Ask questions.
-[reporter 4] How is Bae In-cheol doing?
[overlapping dialogue]
[reporter 5] What exactly the poison
that he swallowed?
-[reporter 6] Give us a statement!
-[reporter 7] Do you know his status?
Excuse me, coming through.
Excuse me!
-[Young-woo] Excuse me!
-[Min-woo] Excuse me!
I'm trying to get through!
Can you give us some comments
on this situation?
[Atty. Jang] Hurry! Hurry, hurry!
-Okay.
-Oh, hey! Hey, hey! Wait!
-Drive.
-What, now? What about the others?
They missed the only chance to get by,
so just step on it!
Okay. Yes, sir.
[Min-woo] Jun-ho!
They're leaving us behind.
Jun-ho!
What about us?
[screaming]
Hey!
Hey, you should be ashamed!
-[Min-woo] Let's go.
-[Su-yeon] This is awful!
[Min-woo] Coming through. Excuse me!
-[Young-woo whimpering]
-Come on!
[Geu-ra-mi] Knock, knock.
Ah.
All right, your food is here.
[Hairy laughs]
Thank you.
But why are we the only customers?
So you three can talk comfortably.
Well, you know, this is Hairy
being considerate of his regulars.
[Hairy laughs]
We don't get customers, really,
except for her.
That's strange. This…
Ah, it's hot. It's so good.
The soup, it's fantastic.
-Oh, my God, Hairy Boss.
-Really?
He likes the fish cake soup. All right!
Compliments of the house.
For an off-the-menu special dish,
I'll bring some more.
He's excited.
Hey, so…
[Su-yeon clears throat]
Hey, the other day,
what did Attorney Jang want
when he asked you to come in by yourself?
The other day?
Ah, well, it was nothing.
Really?
I thought it was Hana University alumni
meeting to do something shady.
Wow, you are completely prejudiced. Wow.
So it's okay for Seoul University alumni
to put their heads together,
but with Hana alumni, it's scheming?
Wait, who is putting their heads together?
Uh, but you just said--
Causation is a principle of the law.
This is about the case, right?
"Basic Criminal Law,
Article 17, Causation."
"Any act which is not connected
with the damaging elements of a crime
shall not be subject to punishment
for the results."
That doesn't only pertain to criminal law,
but also civil law.
Then the administrative punishment
should be like that.
To fine Raon with such a severe surcharge
when their actions did not cause
the personal data breach
is not compatible
with the principles of the law.
Yes, well,
no matter how hard we claim that,
if the opposing attorney response,
"The Information Communications Act
is not debatable,"
we can't say much else.
It's not like we're aiming
to change the constitution.
You're right.
Ugh! Why did the hacker
have to choose that day?
One day before
and this would've amounted to nothing.
[whale sings]
"One day before"?
[dreamy music playing]
Article 64-3, Paragraph 1
of the Information
and Communications Network Act
was revised on January 19, 2022.
The day the hacker broke
into Raon's server
and stole users' personal data
was also on that same day.
So, tell us, what is it?
On what day did the hacker
send his email to Raon's employee?
The 18th of January, 2022, at 11:14 p.m.
[Young-woo]
The time Choi Jin-pyo checked his email
and downloaded the attachment
was January 18, 2022, at 11:48 p.m.
Whoa, hang on. So, then…
So, then, the hacking technically began
one day before the article
was actually revised!
[gasps]
Do you think we're playing
some kind of a game or something, huh?
The judge doesn't even like us
to begin with,
and you want me to use
that choplogic nonsense on him?
Wait, but it's not choplogic nonsense.
According to Article 14
of the Public Administration Act,
one may ask for a disposition
referring to the law
at the time of the violation.
I am aware of Article 14
of the Public Administration Act as well,
and the rule applies only to situations
that were completed or terminated
before the enforcement of the new law.
For Raon, the hacking
may have started the day
before the changes were put into law,
but the breach itself happened
when the law
was already in place, Attorney.
Understand?
Yes, but there's still room
for an argument.
According to Paragraph 3
of that same article,
when judging an event that happened
before the law was revised,
if the new law means
the sanctions become more lenient,
by requirement,
that new law must be applied.
In this case, the plaintiff
benefits much more from the law
as it was prior to the revision,
so, disposition might be granted
according to the judgment of the--
Stop it. Just stop!
[tense music playing]
Attorney Woo.
You know the law that well, huh?
You come in here so arrogant
trying to teach us?
If you know so much, do it by yourself!
As of this moment,
you are no longer a part of this case.
Why are you just standing there? Get out!
Uh…
Excuse me, Attorney Jang.
[Atty, Jang] That's my name, so what?
What are you going on about?
We beg your pardon.
We'll give you some privacy.
Uh, she--
[Su-yeon grunts]
[scoffs]
[door closes]
[grunts]
What's wrong with you?
You can suck up to the boss by yourself!
Why are you stopping me
from saying something?
Not all of the senior attorneys
we'll be working with
will be like Attorney Jung, you know.
We have to watch our backs, Attorney Yeon.
Watch your own back, Attorney Kwon.
Young-woo was kicked off the case
for no reason--
Are you really blind
to what's going on here?
You and I are different.
[sighs]
What?
Attorney Woo is…
a genius.
She can behave however she wants
and get kicked off like that,
and people will support her as a genius
standing her ground.
But you and me, we're different.
If you and me were to act the same way,
we would be labeled as difficult,
as hotshot rookies who have big egos.
That may be right.
And you being right
is getting on my nerves.
Can you please for one second
just make a fool of yourself?
Um, a foo--
Do it for your colleague's sake.
For something you think is right.
Can't you put down
your political maneuvers
just for a moment to be a brave fool?
[Min-woo sighs]
Why… Why should I have to do that?
You should, because…
Because I like men who act that way.
[mellow music playing]
Attorney Woo.
[gulps]
Yes?
Why can't we be together?
Why on earth do we have to break up?
I've been thinking about it.
Can you tell me the reason?
Hmm…
Um…
I'm not exactly sure if I'm the type
of person who knows how to…
to make you happy.
I think I'm somebody
you just have to take care of.
Di…
Did you…
overhear what my sister…
said about you?
Is that why?
[sighs]
Please, Attorney Woo.
Can't you see I'm happy
just being together?
To have any chance of true happiness,
I have to be with you!
But have you ever felt lonely…
when we spend time together?
I know I'm so absorbed with my own world,
so I cause the people close to me
to feel lonely.
I don't…
I don't know when or why I do it.
And I don't know what I can do
to make it stop.
I do…
I like you so much, Jun-ho.
I'm just not…
confident that I won't…
make you feel lonely.
[dramatic music playing]
[clears throat]
Why are you standing there?
I wanted to say bye to Attorney Woo.
Really?
Like "Bye, we're off to the courtroom
without you"?
[scoffs]
Why don't you just go?
It's none of your business.
Make it quick, though.
You're going to be late.
[growls]
[Young-woo] Come in.
Attorney Woo.
I'll see you later.
The trial's today, remember?
Hmm…
Yeah.
Want something on the way back?
Like, Choi Su-yeon gimbap,
instead of Woo Young-woo gimbap?
There's no Choi Su-yeon gimbap.
Mm. You got me.
Talk later.
Bye.
[grunts]
[somber music playing]
Also, the fact that
the victims are preparing
for a large-scale compensation lawsuit
is quite the mental burden
and is added pressure on the plaintiff.
Of course, the information breach
should be meant with public responsibility
and also the responsibility
of civil litigation.
It's…
[pronounces correctly]
…"litigation."
What?
The word should be pronounced "litigation"
instead of "li-tuh-gation."
[judge] It's a "t" sound,
not an undefined "d" sound.
Yes, of course.
[judge] You may continue.
[Atty. Jang] Right.
So, is the correct pro…
Never mind.
I apologize.
I'll correct myself.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
I'm sorry.
Your Honor,
Article 64, Paragraph 1
of the Act on the Information
and Communications Network
was revised on January 19, 2022.
The hacker involved was able
to breach Raon's servers on that day,
however, the date on which
the hacker's email containing the malware
arrived in the DB manager's inbox
was one day earlier,
on January 18, the night before.
[judge] So, then…
Hmm… How is this relevant?
The date of the hacker's email
was one day before the Information
and Communications Act was revised.
[light music playing]
According to Article 14
of the Public Administration Act,
the law applies to violations
after that date,
any violations before then
would not be subject
to the new guidelines,
then our client
is only subject to an administrative fine,
not a penalty,
as this was prior to the revision.
[Atty. Jang]
Attorney Choi, what are you doing?
I'm delivering my closing argument.
Hey, that's enough.
Would Attorney Woo approve?
This isn't about Attorney Woo.
It's just the right thing to do.
Your Honor, the hacking attempt
may have been initiated the day before,
but the data breach itself occurred
on 19th of January,
which was after the revision of this law
was set in place.
Based on what standard
does the counselor determining
the line between hacking
and a successful data leak?
Don't you agree a theft begins
the moment a thief enters the house?
Choi Su-yeon!
Any more outburst and you're off the case,
is that understood?
Your Honor, Article 14
of the Public Administration Act,
which the counselor mentioned
as grounds for refutation,
only applies to activity
that was completed
before the revised law went into effect.
I'll ask you to base your judgment
on the time when the hacker
successfully breached the database,
not when he began.
Your…
-[Min-woo] Stop.
-Let go!
According to Article 14, Paragraph 3
of the Public Administration Act,
if an event has occurred
prior to revision of the law,
if the application of the new law
would be more lenient,
then by requirement, it must be applied.
Pertaining to this case,
the plaintiff benefits
much more from the law
as it was prior to its revision.
The statement that "When in doubt,
side with the accused" applies,
and may be used
not only in criminal applications.
I plead for your broad generosity
to consider the circumstances
of the plaintiff.
That is an interesting point.
I'll decide after careful deliberation.
Thank you, Your Honor.
That would be all.
[scoffs]
[light music playing]
[sighs]
WOO YOUNG-WOO GIMBAP
[Seon-young] There are several resorts
throughout the country
that can be accessed
with the Hanbada employee membership.
You should pick the one you want,
and take few months off with Young-woo.
Like a paid vacation.
Is this really necessary?
I can stop it for now, but…
[sighs]
…once the article is published,
reporters will be
all over your daughter as well.
Just keep a low profile for a bit, okay?
She can come back to Hanbada afterwards.
Really?
After the world learns
she's Tae Su-mi's daughter out of wedlock,
how can she become an employee again?
With that label on her,
will she be even be able to work?
Look.
[sighs]
Remember, Gwang-ho, you agreed to this.
You agreed to let me use Attorney Woo
to get to Tae Su-mi!
If this is the price to give her a job,
then why are you going back on your word?
Seon-young.
Isn't there some other way?
Besides the whole press reveal,
is there no other option?
[clicks tongue]
I've also been thinking a lot.
As of right now,
this is the best I can provide…
for you and Attorney Woo.
[sighs]
Raon, the company responsible
for a huge personal data leak
because they were unable
to stop the hacking
has won their lawsuit
against Korea Communications Commission
negating a 300-billion-dollar fine.
The Seoul Administration Court
admitted the company's negligence
pertaining to the safeguarding protocol,
including a failure to constraint
connection times within the database,
but recognized this negligence
was not the cause of their data breach
and ultimately ruled
in favor of the plaintiff.
Meanwhile, Raon's co-CEO, Bae In-cheol,
who collapsed after ingesting poison
inside the courtroom
as the trial's ongoing
is currently under hospital supervision,
with doctors confirming
that he remains in a comatose state.
During the trial, Bae In-cheol
complained of unfairness,
proclaiming that no other company
hadn't ever dissatisfy users like Raon has
and shouting,
"How are we supposed to stop a hacker
who is determined to break in?"
After which, he swallowed the poison
he had prepared in advance.
[sighs]
[operator] The number you are trying
to reach is currently unavailable.
Please leave a message after the tone.
[tone beeps]
Hyung, I saw the news report.
In-cheol is in a coma?
You said he was fine.
That he was awake now.
Hyung, answer my calls.
Don't make me find your location
by hacking you.
-[knocking on door]
-Answer me…
[Sang-hyeon] Yeah, what?
"What"?
I'm home early to spend time together.
Come join me for dinner. Now?
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
[sighs]
[closing theme music playing]
[Young-woo] Why are you here to see me?
[Sang-hyeon] 'Cause I figured
my sister won't just give in.
Your what?
I'm just curious about
Attorney Woo's decision, that's all.
I'll meet with Attorney Tae and ask her
to allow Choi Sang-hyeon to testify.
[Atty. Jang] How is Attorney Woo
going to convince Tae Su-mi
when her confirmation hearing
is right around the corner?
[Young-woo]
You weren't a good mother to me,
but please be a good mother to him,
at least to Sang-hyeon.